## Session 14: Value Function Refinement & Luck (2026-01-26)

So the first thing that I want to add here in the value function. The value function could be the rules times the environment. Maybe being just two parts can be. More complete. Then being three parts. Not sure. I think we should figure out like think out there. Options and variations for the value function here because the rules, as I mentioned a few chapters here are paragraphs like. It can be seen as the scoreboard. The scoreboard is just one part. It's also like what's? Acceptable or not? What are the incentive? So like it's a lot of. Things right? Umm the tracks and the competitors? I think it's good to have, but. II mean environment could be like everything that's. Around. The competitor, right, because it is the environment, is the sum of the competitors. The place and at the same time like the tools available. All of those could be seen as the environment. I'm not sure like let let's think about some permutations. Of this formula, unl
So the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo the first thing that I want to add here in the value function.xplSo Like random randomness in the very beginning of the pattern, it can compound into something huge later, right? OK just like the butterfly effect concept so. It might be interesting to add. Yeah, we definitely should address. The factor of luck. But it's not in the function itself.
